docs: add code snippet and blurb about experimentalDisableStreaming option (#10761)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/integrations-guide/react.mdx

});
```

### Disable streaming

> By default, Astro streams the output of your React components. This can be disabled by setting the `experimentalDisableStreaming` option to `true`:

Author: ```suggestion
Astro streams the output of React components by default. However, you can disable this behavior by enabling the experimentalDisableStreaming option. This is particularly helpful for supporting libraries that don’t work well with streaming, like certain CSS-in-JS solutions. To disable streaming for all React components in your project, configure @astrojs/react with `experimentalDisableStreaming: true`
```

> ### Disable streaming
> 
> Astro streams the output of React components by default. However, you can disable this behavior by enabling the experimentalDisableStreaming option. This is particularly helpful for supporting libraries that don’t work well with streaming, like certain CSS-in-JS solutions. To disable streaming for all React components in your project, configure @astrojs/react with `experimentalDisableStreaming: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disable streaming (experimental)

Astro streams the output of React components by default. However, you can disable this behavior by enabling the `experimentalDisableStreaming` option. This is particularly helpful for supporting libraries that don’t work well with streaming, like some CSS-in-JS solutions.

To disable streaming for all React components in your project, configure `@astrojs/react` with `experimentalDisableStreaming: true`
```

});
```

### Disable streaming (experimental)

Astro streams the output of React components by default. However, you can disable this behavior by enabling the `experimentalDisableStreaming` option. This is particularly helpful for supporting libraries that don’t work well with streaming, like some CSS-in-JS solutions.

> To disable streaming for all React components in your project, configure `@astrojs/react` with `experimentalDisableStreaming: true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable streaming for all React components in your project, configure `@astrojs/react` with `experimentalDisableStreaming: true`:
```
